##  Conclusion
{:#conclusion}

Data owners can publish their Linked Open Data very cost-efficient on their website with JSON-LD snippets. After an initial cost of adding this feature to their website, they can have an always up-to-date dataset with negligible maintenance costs. The cultural heritage website hetarchief.be showcases an official maintained paged collection of Linked Data Fragments about newspapers. By extending Comunica, in-depth data analyzation and federated querying over this dataset is possible. To improve querying speed, Linked Data services ([SPARQL-endpoint](http://semanticweb.org/wiki/SPARQL_endpoint.html), [HDT](cite:cites Fernndez2013BinaryRR), TPF interface...) with a higher maintenance cost can be created on top of JSON-LD snippets. Such interfaces would suffer from scalability problems: Optical Character Recognition (OCR) texts have bad compression rates, and thus require gigabytes of disk space. With our solution, these OCR-text are published in a seperate document keeping the maintenance cost low while harvesting in an automated way is still possible. By using our demonstrator, non-technical users can extract a data dump from an enriched website.

To gain traction with an international audience, e.g. the science stories platform (http://sciencestories.io), a reconciliation service could be created with knowledge bases (cfr. Wikidata). 
Next to embedding the data, hypermedia controls or search engine optimalization features, also the [International Image Interoperability Framework](https://iiif.io/api/image/2.1/) (IIIF) Image API for sharing images could be described within a JSON-LD snippet for raising the discoverability of this service. IIIF API information already uses JSON-LD to describe its features such as tiling and licensing which makes this an excellent snippet addition helping an organization become more visible on the Web.

In future work, extending Comunica for harvesting Hydra collections would help organizations to improve their collection management. These collections could be defined on their main page of their website improving Open Data discoverability. Also work on supporting multiple views acting as indexes for collections would benefit querying performance on sorting or filtering operations on e.g. geospatial or temporal data.